steve broken same game demi
a story about a sheep that came in
lunch at
vegetable juice again for dinner howled old
wolf want meat here doom not lamb made
would i stew theirs
before he could finish knocking on the door
the current on the threshold stood a little curly
sheeps you can enter she asked of course
dear come in
I have already laid the table and giggled old
wolf lamb was shaking from cold bras sconce
she said poor poor i grunted poor
old wolf i can't eat
I can't stand a frozen sheep
frozen food and wolf planted
lamb closer to the fire
for now the wich warmed up the wolf opened
cookbook and found a recipe
mutton works from pigeons him even
drooling
Lamb is also a long time did not eat cheer cheer rumbled in
in her belly, poor-poor exclaimed
old wolf can i eat lamb
which rumbles in my stomach so i have something
good the very stomach ache and gave
sheep carrot will be a fight with a carrot
he grinned to himself a little sheep
swallowed a carrot so fast that she had
started hiccups loud and feral
poor-poor
grieved old wolf
can't i eat singing lamb suddenly
it's contagious
but how to make a sheep
ceased to hiccup he did not know the wolf
I throw a river high experience of such
but it didn't help he kept her up
head down chick and it didn't help he
I twist it and air and you are not
passed and then the wolf pressed the sheep to
myself and gently stroked back
the sheep stopped hiccup curled up
shaggy wolf chest and immediately fell asleep
the old wolf was taken aback he fell into his paws
own mining yes yes for some reason
no longer wanted snoring snoring quietly
snoring a sheep in his ear
5 i'm poor whispered old wolf can't
did i eat the lamb-keeping old wolf
sat in a chair by the fireplace with a cushy
lamb snuggled up lice and he
Nobody’s chest by the whale of Alushta
did not hug the wolf sniffed the lamb
it smells so delicious
sigh them old wolf will eat in a hurry
she won't notice
he did not have time to lick his lips like a lamb
ask me to kiss him right on the cheek cheek
weight screamed a wolf so dishonestly I'm big
evil wolf hotel my stew
agu agu smiling smiling sheep a
then this on the wolf and added here for
what exclaimed me such a punishment
old wolf well get out of here live
do you hear it wrapped it up for a second
warmer and put out the door
go away and shouted he is you are not leaving me
I will eat you and we will both talk about it later and
the door slammed shut
and it was dark and cold outside
little lamb was knocking at the house he was calling
and she even could but old wolf
shut up and sing loudly
stopped knocking finally became quiet
Thank God I thought the wolf could not
stay here with so hungry old
beast like me
but then he imagined himself as a sheep
alone wanders through the dark forest
she gets lost freeze and and eat
have no what have I done bad wolf
he jumped up and opened the door and the sheep didn't
It was
the old wolf raced through the dark forest and
screamed with a lamb come back i won't eat you
honest words after many many hours
sad tired and dripping wet
the wolf dragged himself back to his house he
opened the door to his happiness
I saw the fire a little lamb you
returned them happily exclaimed the old
wolf lamb nodded and returned because
that you have nowhere to go sheep again
nodded
what hesitated wolf can stay with
me
the lamb looked at him seriously and
asked about the peak eat me wog can't
did I eat a sheep that I loved so much
said the old wolf from this solid
frustration poor i poor
after all, she smiled and jumped into her arms
Vova, well, that the servant got hungry asked
wolf
do you want vegetable soup my favorite dish
he is one and a half pa-pa-pa pa-pa-pa-pa give
god to you